You say sometimes you watch with friends, particularly sports.
Would you ever watch in a public place or is it still home-based?
I have done, on occasion. A couple of years ago, I think it was either the Lions or the World Cup, I can't remember now.
We went down in the morning to the local pub and watched the games.
Gosh, was it the Lions or was it Wales? I can't remember.
But I went down a few times and I have gone for some home internationals to the pub.
I don't particularly like it. I prefer watching it at home.
When I'm in a pub, you know, you have a couple of drinks, even if it was early in the morning, you have a couple of drinks.
And you really don't concentrate. I like being at home. I like concentrating.
You listen to the comments at half-time. So I prefer watching at home, but with friends. A few of us together.
How does watching at home compare with actually being in the game?
Oh, it's not the same. When I was younger, I would certainly never choose to watch it at home as opposed to going to the game.
I loved going to the game. And even now, you know, it is great being there.
But as I'm getting older, I'm getting more inclined now to stay at home.
And with the prices of the tickets, it's crazy.
It really is hitting the ordinary rugby supporter who supports his local club week after week.
And that costs money. And then to have to pay £70 or so to go and see Wales, I think it's unfair.
I think it's too much, but that's my personal opinion.